Reviews core terms (#1794)
temporalio/documentation: docs/php/queries.md

You can also issue a query from code using the `QueryWorkflow()` API on a Temporal client object.

> Use `WorkflowStub` to query Workflow instances from your client code (can be applied to running workflows as well):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `WorkflowStub` to query Workflow instances from your client code.
(You can apply this technique to running Workflows as well.)
```
